## About the EADiva Site Files

Author: Ruth Kitchin Tillman<br/> 
Repo creation date: 2023-02-13</br>
Last edit date: 2023-02-15

These are the EADiva.com site files. I've created this repository as a kind of "succession plan lite." It exists on the offchance that I become both unable to maintain the site and unable to work with someone else to keep it up.

In such a situation, the site would remain online for the short term. But if I don't renew my hosting, then the domain may still be up but point to nothing. Since the site is used in many library school courses and by some professionals, it seemed responsible to come up with a backup plan.

This repo exists to make it pretty easy for some person or organization to put the content back online, even if it's not at eadiva.com. It's just HTML and CSS and the tiniest smidge of javascript (not something you'd need to edit), so all you need is a domain and a hosting plan.

The files will be available on GitHub, GitLab, and on the EADiva site itself, on the page /contingency-plan -- this part may get a bit recursive.

### A few notes
 
1. Organization: the entire EADiva 2002 tag library is found under /2/ in the main directory. When the site was run on Wordpress, these were two separate sites, but now it's just one big directory tree.
2. Hardcoded URLs: this is static HTML, so all the URLs are hardcoded. If you need to upload these files to a site that's not eadiva.com (which you probably would, as I've got that domain renewed for quite a while), you're going to have to run some find and replace operations across the whole directory. Shouldn't be too hard, just be aware.
3. Licensing: EADiva's section on EAD3 is licensed as Creative Commons By (Attribution) 4.0. EADiva's section on EAD 2002 doesn't include licensing. For these files, just credit the original site/me ok?

## What EADiva's History Means for This HTML

EADiva.com is currently published using HTML and CSS with all edits made manually. The site was hosted on Wordpress from its inception in 2013 until 2022. In April 2022, I decided that Wordpress was more of a risk than a benefit at this point. I rarely updated any content and used few features like plugins. Because there were many pages and I rarely needed to update them, I decided that a static site generator like Hugo or Jekyll would be less useful than good old HTML and CSS. Using a Wordpress to HTML plugin, I exported all the site's pages. I keep my own backups of the database, but in the 10 months between that update and writing this, I haven't received any reports of errors from that transition.

What all this means about the HTML is: this is Wordpress-generated HTML and I haven't had time or motivation to change that.

You'll see things that were generated by plugins. I also retained some CSS and JS files _from_ Wordpress in wp-content and wp-includes. Some of it still functions, some of it may not and I haven't investigated if I'm using it but it doesn't seem to be causing problems. I've pulled a couple things like my Matomo Analytics code out of this export. If you're using it, I don't need that any more. If I'm using it, I can put it back in. Anyway, it's not the prettiest code but it's functional and functioning and that's what matters.

